Happy birthday miss
Come and try the cake I bought you
It's too small. I don't want the cake you bought.
Here comes the big cake, come on
How do you like it?
Two dogs oops
Oh, you see, this child is so naughty.
Why am I being so naughty?
Clown clown
Clown clown clown
Mom said she would accompany Nian on her birthday
Mom misses you
Mom, Nian Nian
Mom, thank you.
It's not hard for my mother to accompany Nian Nian on her birthday
Look what this is wow cake
This one was accidentally broken.
Thanks, Mom.
This is a spoon.
Well, what about this bad place, mom, eat it
Grandpa eats this bottle
Mom folds birthday candles for you
Hope mom is healthy
Leave work early
Accompany Niannian
Wow, it's snowing!
Mom, what's wrong with you?
Wait a minute
Mom is ok
Mom doesn't cry when she eats cake
Mom is not hungry
Niannian ate what the teacher said
Nian Nian's birthday
Mom's Bitter Day Mom Eats
Mom Nini also learned a song
Nini sings to you
The stars in the sky do not speak
The doll on the ground misses its mother
Shining tears without a face